c:\users\natalija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.exe.config
c:\users\natalija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.exe
c:\users\natalija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.pdb
c:\users\natalija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\DnsClient.dll
c:\users\natalija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\natalija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
c:\users\natalija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\natalija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
c:\users\natalija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\natalija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\users\natalija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\DnsClient.xml
c:\users\natalija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\natalija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\natalija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
c:\users\natalija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
c:\users\natalija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\natalija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.Form1.resources
c:\users\natalija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\natalija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\natalija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.exe
c:\users\natalija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.pdb
c:\users\natalija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.Login.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.ZaposleniView.resources
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.exe.config
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.exe
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.pdb
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\DnsClient.dll
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\DnsClient.xml
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.AdminView.resources
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.Login.resources
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.ZaposleniView.resources
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.exe
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.pdb
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.exe.config
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.exe
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.pdb
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.exe
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.pdb
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\DnsClient.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\DnsClient.xml
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.AdminView.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.Login.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.ZaposleniView.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.exe.config
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.exe
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.pdb
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\DnsClient.dll
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\DnsClient.xml
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.AdminView.resources
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.Login.resources
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.ZaposleniView.resources
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.exe
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.pdb
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.FormNoviPrestupnik.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.exe.config
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.exe
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.pdb
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.exe
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.pdb
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\DnsClient.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\DnsClient.xml
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.AdminView.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.FormNoviPrestupnik.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.Login.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.ZaposleniView.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo1\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.IzvestajDetaljno.resources
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.exe.config
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.exe
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.pdb
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\DnsClient.dll
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\DnsClient.xml
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.AdminView.resources
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.IzvestajDetaljno.resources
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.Login.resources
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.ZaposleniView.resources
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.exe
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.pdb
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.exe.config
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.exe
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.pdb
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.exe
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.pdb
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\DnsClient.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\DnsClient.xml
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.AdminView.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.IzvestajDetaljno.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.Login.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.ZaposleniView.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Maca\Desktop\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.DodajRoditelja.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.exe.config
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.exe
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.pdb
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.exe
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.pdb
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\DnsClient.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\DnsClient.xml
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.AdminView.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.DodajRoditelja.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.IzvestajDetaljno.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.Login.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.ZaposleniView.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\bongomongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbpmongo\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.DodajRoditelja.resources
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbp-domaci-zadatak-3\NBP domaci zadatak 3\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\bin\Debug\NBPMongo.exe.config
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbp-domaci-zadatak-3\NBP domaci zadatak 3\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.exe
C:\Users\Natalija\Desktop\nbp-domaci-zadatak-3\NBP domaci zadatak 3\NBPMongo\NBPMongo\obj\Debug\NBPMongo.pdb
